The
Father
Father?
You're so noisy,
but you can't sleep, can you?
You're noisy.
Don't make a loud voice.
If you make a loud voice,
you won't eat for two or three days.
You'll be hungry.
The sound of a bell will ring in the stomach.
Every time the sound of a bell is touched,
it will tickle, and it's no use.
The sound of a bell will ring in the stomach.
If you have a lot of money,
it's fine if you tickle and laugh,
but if you're hungry and you have no money,
you can't laugh.
So, Father,
I'll buy you a blood transfusion today.
Don't say such an impolite thing.
Excuse me, is this Mr. Ichibe Kitamura?
What?
You're so rude.
You don't listen to me much.
He is the boss, so please ask him.
Father, Ichibe Kitamura is your father.
It's written in the report.
Oh, really?
Hello?
Ichibe Kitamura is me.
Oh, really?
Actually, I came from America.
From America?
I came here by walking.
No, I didn't come here by walking.
Your uncle came to America.
No, he is not my uncle in America.
He is my father's younger brother.
Then he is my uncle.
Oh, now you are like that?
No, I'm not like that.
Actually, I'm from Brazil, South America.
I grew coffee.
I'm a very powerful person.
Oh, you sell pork juice, drink coffee,
and you don't pay for it, and you go to court.
No, I'm not like that.
But now I'm suddenly a teacher.
I'm a big fan.
I became a student in elementary school.
No, not a student.
I'm no longer a student.
Oh, did you look for it?
I'm in trouble.
I bought a mima.
Oh, everyone bought it.
In other words, I became a manju.
I used ninjutsu.
What should I do?
I died.
Oh, I see.
Otomurai?
Yes, that's right.
About that,
at some point,
I went to Tokyo, Japan,
because there was a place called Ichibe, Kitamura,
I told them to give me all the property,
and I died.
So I brought the property.
What?
But it's a property that you can give me,
so it's not a big deal.
Do you have 1.50 yen?
No, it's ridiculous.
If you put in a lot of things,
it's 8 million yen.
8 million yen.
Oh, my God, my father has grown.
Otomai, come here.
My father has grown.
Otomai, my father has grown.